# Getting Started with Lab

1. Once the environment is provisioned, a virtual machine (JumpVM) and lab guide will get loaded in your browser. Use this virtual machine throughout the workshop to perform the the lab.
1. To get the lab environment details, you can select **Lab Environment** tab. 

Insert-Image-1

1. To get the lab environment details, you can select the Environment Details tab. Additionally, the credentials will also be emailed to your email address provided at registration.

Insert-Image-2

1. You can also open the Lab Guide in a separate full window by selecting the Split Window icon at the bottom right corner.

Insert-Image-3

## Login to Azure Portal

1. In the JumpVM, click on Azure portal shortcut of Microsoft Edge browser which is created on desktop.

Insert-Image-4

1. When you click on Azure portal, the edge browser will ask you to sign in to sync data, click on **Start without your data**.

Insert-Image-5

1. On the next window, click on **Confirm and start browsing**.

Insert-Image-6

1. Now, you will see two tabs in the edge browser, close the first tab named with Microsoft Edge.

Insert-Image-7

1. On the **Sign in to Microsoft Azure** window, you will see the login screen, enter the following username and click on **Next**.

* Email/Username: <inject key="AzureAdUserEmail"></inject>

Insert-Image-8

1. Now enter the following password and click on **Sign in**.

* Password: <inject key="AzureAdUserPassword"></inject>

Insert-Image-9

1. First-time users are often prompted to **Stay Signed In**, if you see any such pop-up, click on **No**

1. If you see the pop-up **You have free Azure Advisor recommendations!**, close the window to continue the lab.

1. If a **Welcome to Microsoft Azure** popup window appears, click **Maybe Later** to skip the tour.

1. Now you can see Azure Portal Dashboard, click on **Resource groups** below the Navigate section to see the resource groups.

Insert-Image-10

1. On the **Resource groups** page, you can view the pre-deployed resource group **smart-spaces-<inject key ="DeploymentID"></inject>**

## Resource Start/Stop

If your environment is stopped due to inactivity feature, please follow the below steps to start the resources:

